Updated the main readme and created a contributors and a readme for the community folder (#470)
galaxyproject/galaxy_tool_metadata_extractor: README.md

**If you are looking for community specific information and/or resources, go to the community folder and check [the community readme](https://github.com/galaxyproject/galaxy_codex/tree/main/communities).**

Galaxy Codex
============

Galaxy Communities Dock (Galaxy CoDex) stores resources for Galaxy users, community contributors and community members.

Currently, we have two main resources:

1. **Galaxy Community Catalog**: for tools, training (tutorials) & workflows. Several catalogs are available : The complete catalog and the community-specific catalogs. Each catalog is automatically updated every week.

Check the [complete catalogue](https://galaxyproject.github.io/galaxy_codex/).

> 2. **Galaxy Labs** (led by Galaxy Australia!): a centralised webpage that enables communities to rapidly aggregate, curate, integrate, display, and launch relevant tools, workflows, and training on different Galaxy servers.

Author: ```suggestion
2. **Galaxy Labs** (led by Galaxy Australia!): main and tool panel content for communities to spin up UI-tested & informed subdomain pages.
```
